Update README.md (#7)
hirosystems/stacks-pyth-bridge: README.md

Author: Delete developer release at the end of the paragraph. it's in there twice.

Reviewer: @elenananana, You can use the commit suggestion to add the changes.

# Introduction

> **Status**: **Developer Preview** This initial release is a Developer Preview of the Stacks x Pyth integration. The integration is live on both testnet and mainnet and is meant primarily for developers to test, give feedback and ensure reliability and stability of the integration.Developer Release*

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Developer Preview** This initial release is a Developer Preview of the Stacks x Pyth integration. The integration is live on both the testnet and mainnet to help developers test, give feedback, and ensure the reliability and stability of the integration. Developer Release*
```

Reviewer: Are we adding a release version here? Wondering why we have "Developer Release" at the end of the sentence.
